- Howdy, I’m @mattkloz (this has been my username since my AOL days (early 90's).
- I'm a Product Designer, Developer and Prototyper of Enterprise Applications. To be honest, I have trouble describing myself (for better or worse) but I tend to say that I just enjoy building things that solve real problems. I'm of the "fail fast" school of development, I find that solutions come the quickest when I build -> seek feedback -> refine -> seek feedback -> refine. Constructive conversations are vastly more productive when we're all talking about something tangible. 
- Most of my work is client-side but I have full-stack experience in .NET, Ruby on Rails and Laravel (PHP). 
- I firmly believe that most application work could/should be done on the client but to handle some of the backend tasks that clients aren't good at (think tail-optimized recursion), I've recently been using more and more serverless functions (AWS Lambda and Azure Functions). I'm also a big proponent of serverless architectures to reduce duplicative code - write once and share everywhere.
- Of all the projects I've had the opportunity to work on or lead, my favorite types are bridging the "corporate gap" between the dev and project management teams. I enjoy building scalable solutions that allow PM teams to create development tasks that are more qualified, succinct and ultimately make the developer experience better. Developers spend way too much time on perfunctory tasks when their expertise should be in value-ad(doing the brain damage work on tasks that can't be otherwise automated).
- I've been working in more ML solutions into my projects to help improve solution malleability. Solutions that solve thing here might not solve it there - building with the goal of reducing brittleness is necessary.
- A few recent projects have included "translation" functionality and that's something I'd like to do more of. Those projects included a Mac app (Electron) drag-and-drop enterprise app UI builder that is platform agnostic but accepts plug-in translators to output to any platform or UI framework, including the ability to incorporate serverless functions and auto-deploy to Azure. I've recently worked on a cryptocurrency project, built in .NET, that is a "form builder" that is build around a translator to output the form as a fully-fledged smart contract with the goal being to write once-deploy anywhere. This translator app is packaged in a Docker container with a private Ethereum sandbox for users to create a smart contract in the builder and then translate the contract to Solidity, deploy and test without having to understand Ethereum, blockchains, smart contracts or anything technical.
<!---
mattkloz/mattkloz is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
